Q1) By convention, variable names in Java use camel case. Describe what this is:

	Camel case is a writing technique in which each word in the middle of a phrase begins with a capital letter without spaces or punctuation.

Q2) What is the difference between the style for a class name and a variable name in Java?

	Whereas class names begin with an uppercase letter, variable names begin with a lowercase letter.

Q3) What is the standard indentation style for curly braces in Java?

	As stated in the Coding Stands and Programming Tips Handout, the standard indentation style for curly braces in java is to, when programming,
        align the left and right curly braces directly below the statement they spring from.

Q4) Why is proper indentation important in Java code?

	Proper indentation in Java is important due to the fact that readability is important. If a program is hardly readable, then it is hardly fixable.

Q5) What is the common way to specify a constant value in Java?

	The common way to specify constant values in Java is to given them (the said constant values) a name in uppercase lettering with underscores seperating
	the words themselves.

Q6) What unamed constants are usually acceptable in a Java program?

	Unamed constants that are usually acceptable in a Java program include: 0, 0.0, and 1.

Q7) Which of the bits of code below follow the coding standrads? Write the letters of the expressions that follow the coding standards on your answer sheet.

	
	a, c, e

Q8) If b is a type of int, and c is of type double, what are the types of the following expressions? Write the types of the expressions on your answer sheet.

	a. int
	b. int
	c. double
	d. int
	e. double

Q9) Why would a programmer want to define custom classes instead of just using primitive types such as int and float?

	I imagine it's because it is a lot easier to store various types of information in a class type in comparision to storing said information in primitive types.

Q10) Between objects and class, which is more like a template, and which is more like a specific thing?

	Whereas objects are mow like a specific thing, classes are more like a template.

Q11) Describe the difference between a static and non-static variable.

	Whereas a static variable requires the static keyword, a non-static variable does not require the static keyword.

Q12) Write the code for the Car class that contains a static variable for the total number of cars manufactured, and non-static variable for the car model.
     (Hint: start with "public class Car". You do not need to include any methods just state the static and non-static variables. Also, thik about what types
     the two variables should have. What type should the totalCarsManufactured have? What type should carModel have?).

	public class Car
        {

	 public static int totalCarsManufactured;
	 String myCarModel;    

	    
	}

Q13)

	
	Lab 3 for <Harley Combest>
	Enter the title and section of the course.
	CS-1113-60787
	Enter two integer numbers :
	4 2
	Enter your grade point average.
	0.0
	Enter the total sales tax from your most recent purchase.
	2.71
	Title: CS-1113-60787
	iA + iB = 6
	iA * iB = 8
	iA / iB = 2
	iA % iB = 0
	dA + dB = 2.71
	dA - dB = -2.71
	dA * dB = 0.0
	dA / dB = 0.0
	dA % dB = 0.0

